Update contributing (#737)
precice/precice: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

In order to get your contributions into the code base as smoothly as possible, please follow these contribution guidelines.

* Make sure you have a GitHub account.
* [Open an issue][newissue], assuming one does not already exist.
  * Clearly describe the issue including steps to reproduce when it is a bug.
  * Make sure you fill in the earliest version that you know has the issue.
* Fork the repository on GitHub.
* Create a feature branch, based on `develop`, from where you want to base your work. For simplicity, prefix the branch name either with `add-` or `fix-`.
* Make commits of logical units.  
  Write [good commit messages][commit].
  Check for unnecessary whitespace with `git diff --check` before committing. 

> * Write tests to assure your feature works as aspected and prevent it from being broken in the future.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Write tests to assure your feature works as expected and prevent it from getting broken in the future.  
```
